Add ability to inject cacerts into the Heimdall container (#5410)
mitre/heimdall2: README.md

  *NGINX Configuration Note: You can configure NGINX settings by changing values in the `nginx/conf/default.conf` file.*

5. Run the following commands in a terminal window from the Heimdall source directory. For more information on the .env file, visit [Environment Variables Configuration.](https://github.com/mitre/heimdall2/wiki/Environment-Variables-Configuration)
   ```bash
   ./setup-docker-env.sh
   # If you would like to further configure your Heimdall instance, edit the .env file generated after running the previous line
   ```

6. Heimdall might need certificates to access the open internet or internal resources (ex. an LDAP server).  Please convert any certificates into PEM files and place them in `./certs/` where they will be automatically ingested.  Alternatively, you can place a shell script that will retrieve those certs in that directory, and modify the `command` attribute underneath the `certs` service in the `docker-compose.yml` to run that script.
  ```bash

>   # What ./certs should look like with any scripts or certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Below is an example of what may be in the ./certs directory, including any scripts or certificates
```

Author: Fixed

  # ./certs/
  # ├── dodcerts.sh
  # └── my_certificates.pem

>   # What ./docker-compose.yml should look like for the above situation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # For the given example, the ./docker-compose.yml should look like the following:
```

Author: Fixed

>   # NOTE: the `command` attribute only needs to know about scripts not any particular certificates

Reviewer: Do you want to show an example of what it would look like if someone had two script files? What is the most common use case?

  services:
    ...
    certs:
      ...
      command: sh -c "sh /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/dodcerts.sh && update-ca-trust && tail -f /dev/null"
      ...
    ...
  ```
  To make the `docker-compose.yml` aware of additional scripts, add `sh /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/NAME_OF_SCRIPT.sh && ` to the beginning of the section in quotes.

>   NOTE: The script should make sure to place the certs within `/etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/`.

Reviewer: Does this mean we are doing something that will do this or that the user needs to write this in their script?

Author: The scripts need to do this.  I will be more extensively documenting the scripts to show this.

> 7. Spin up Heimdall Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Start Heimdall Server
```

Author: Fixed
